NMS-13808: remote flows collection with Minion (#4069)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/flows/sentinel/message-broker/kafka.adoc

config:update
----

<1> A location string is required and used only for tracing.

> <2> Unique identifier used as service name only for tracing.

Reviewer: Do we want to note that this can be a hostname label instead of a UUID string? (Same comment applies to AMQ page.

Author: Yes that makes sense.

Author: Have updated. Let me know if that's what you had in mind.

> <2> Unique identifier used as service name only for tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> A location string is used to assign the Sentinel to a monitoring location with Minions.
<2> Unique identifier used as a node label for monitoring the Sentinel instance within {page-component-title}.
```
